✔️ DNEG London  - Assistant Technical Director
Worked primarily on VFX pipeline tooling. I was responsible for pipeline custom tooling for various DCC packages like Maya, Houdini etc.
Using various custom and third-party python packages, I participated in creating and maintaining VFX pipeline tools that includes front and backend features all together.

Worked in updating python scripts for packaging up client data in Json.
Worked closely with R&D team for CD/CI to insure pipeline stability.

Provided technical support for artists, this is mainly debugging: checking file integrity,versions and configuration files.
Assited DevOps includes working with configuration in multiple serialization languages, disk management, monitoring render farm and file transfers.
This position required a hollistic approach to developement workflow and provided unique challenges and insights.

python, pyQT, MySQL, jenkins, linux, Jira

✔️ AnserTechnologies Intership.
Worked as Web back-end API for B2B financial data service. 
This project was built using React JS and Express, MongoDB.

As an intern I paricipated in their micro service backend migration from legacy to Django and PostgreSQL.
I worked on user CRUD with full authorization& authentication and storing user UI config data in persistant DB layer.

Django, ExpressJS, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Github


✔️ WeCode Web Developer Course
Small project with 4-6 developers to make a E-commerce web application using React+Django stack.

I worked on Backend APIs including User CRUD function and user API to handle storing user data and login with authentication.
Designed entity relational diagram and built RDB in mySQL for the project. 
Implemented user SNS sign-in with token generation and authentication.
Testing with python unittest and debugging with Django shell.
Dockerizing and deploying DB and APIs on AWS RDB and EC2.

Working on this project provided me with fundemental and essential overview of Web development especially in server-side: HTTP, how client and server communicate, MVT structure, authorization&authentication, ORM and DB structure, unittest.

HTML5, JavaScript, Django, ORM, mySQL , linux, Github

✔️Pearson College London - MA in Game Arts
Completed Game Arts course in Escape Studio, Pearson College London.
Trained in 3d modeling and game engine VFX. primarily in visual programming using nodes in Unreal Engine, including scripting in Python and C++, version control using PerForce.
